>> Kyle Simpson: Now, there are some
issues with async functions.
And you might've seen, for example,
in that exercise that we just did,
that if you tried to run a function and
pass it to forEach, like I'm doing here.
And then, inside of it,
you wanted to call the await keyword,
you might have noticed
that this would fail.
And the reason it fails is because
the await keyword has to be used
inside of an async function,
not inside of a regular function.
So what do we do whenever we want to do
this sort of deep awaiting, if you will,
when we have a function boundary?
You might think, okay,
well, my solution is,
I just need to pass the async
function to the forEach method.
Except the problem with that is that
async functions come back with promises,
and the forEach method does not
know what to do with a promise.
It does not know how to
wait on promises to finish.
So you'd get back an iteration
over a bunch of promises, but
they wouldn't be waiting on each other,
and
they would not be printing the contents
of this file in the correct order.
They would just print them as fast as
those three separate promises resolved.
So what we're really getting at
here is that there's actually
a conceptually missing
piece to the puzzle.
Not just that the syntax
isn't what we want, but
there's a missing piece to the puzzle.
And it is that what we really
need is an asynchronous iterator.
We need something like for each,
or map, or filter, or reduce.
But we need it to be able to pause
automatically at each iteration,
and wait for
a promise before it comes back.
And that's not what is built
into JavaScript, the .forEach,
the .map, the .filter, .reduce,
the .flat, now all of those,
those are all what we call
synchronous iterators,
they run eagerly over the values
that are currently in the array.
And they don't know that they should
pause if they find a promise.
So what we need is a lazy asynchronous
iterator that can pause whenever it sees,
I'm sorry,
we need an eager asynchronous iterator,
which means it tries to go to a promise.
It tries to go to each value,
but if it sees a promise,
then it moves on,
then it waits before it moves on.
That's not built into JavaScript,
and as far as I know,
there's no proposal that is
active to add it to JavaScript.
But it is definitely a missing piece.
And so,
as an illustration of a way to solve that,
I have built a library called Fasy.
And Fasy provides you with eager
asynchronous iterator functions for
all of your standard functions,
like map, filter, reduce.
It supports transducing,
and what we see here, for
example, is I can do concurrent map,
or I can do serial forEach.
So it provides all of these iterators in
both their concurrent and serial forms.
And that, you can use alongside
of the standard built-in eager
synchronous iterators that
JavaScript already provides.
You notice now that I can pass an async
function directly into FA.serial.forEach,
because the async function,
when it gives a promise,
FA.serial.forEach knows what
to do with that promise.
Whereas the normal built-in
forEach would not know what to do.